1. Agile Development:
Pros: 1. Regular sprints allow teams to quickly respond to changing requirements, providing better flexibility.
      2. Continuous delivery and frequent customer collaboration leads to higher customer satisfaction

Cons: 1. Less predictable timelines and budget because of frequent changes to project requirements.
      2. Requires a lot of teamwork, can put a strain on inexperienced team members.


Non-Agile Development:
Pros: 1. Clear project scope and timeline, as it is planned beforehand.
      2. Documentation created during planning phase helps speed up development process and makes maintainence easier.

Cons: 1. Not flexible, very difficult to adapt to changing.
      2. Issues with requirements or design may not be found until very late in the development process.

2. The scrum master facilitates the scrum to the larger team by ensuring the scrum framework is followed. They are committed to the foundational elements of scrum but remain flexible and open to opportunities to improve the team workflow.
The product owner focuses on maximizing the product value by defining product vision and managing product backlog. They also act as the voice of the customer and business to the development team.

3. 1. Sprint Planning: A planning meeting before the sprint starts. Goal is to establish what the team wants to accomplish during the sprint.
   2. Daily Standup Meeting: Short meetings each day where team members say what they accomplished yesterday and what they will accomplish today, also bring up any roadblocks.
   3. Sprint Review Meeting: Held at end of each sprint. Demonstrate what has been accomplished to product owner and other stakeholders. Goal is to get feedback for the next sprint.

4. Epics - Large body of work that can be broken down into smaller chunks.
   Story - Small independent piece of functionality from user's perspective.
   Bug - Issue in existing functionality that needs to be fixed.
   Task - Work item thta doesn't deliver direct user value but is needed.